But it is a silk road that north
I do not know Patty of the room I'm Patty is march ki booby vacuum cleaner
It's a pretty clean, don't drag & say child
Without Well then let's open Kana
Four days
I'm waiting
Moth
With Wow or sympathy like a do in its
OK good cat
Yeah yeah Enn
Buber wonderful Fe on the way to here
This is the power that charging is complete , so you can leave it somewhere .
Gane
It is already a crane
Well it cheats also the brush type
Well that's why this can be attached and what is this
I get a lot because this is unknown
It is to say that to charge
The country glows blue when charged here
Where cute yo This this is incredible is when I vacuum cleaner
I think you will try many times I from this round Toko
Like wings
It looks like that halo I like people who don't know anymore
Please try searching and looking at Haron
I on the little person trans 4 Well here sound
There is a button on this
Poop
Woman pressing this button
Oh
this is
It is put away without permission
I thought the vacuum cleaner was cute for the first time
After charging to some extent I would like to try to see if the dust is really absorbed
Bei
So the quite large
Proud you guys
switch to
Battery switching and
Switch on
Please put in to Osu
Over and caught
Ah
Dangerous
5th line Maradona who turned the aquarium into a coach
Ah ah ah
Something is gonna be good and what
I say throw away Where is the smoked garbage
I and the raised dot Ppoku at the heart gray
I was a little bit up here but I was scared when I was up
Do not open
do it
I 'm really proud of you here
There you it is this the Maman
This say after the
It feels like going back
And once it is over, once again in the adapter here
If you return
This completes the charging again
I said that I did not understand in the beginning and it is parts this
This part is this
Have
Went dipped
Do it 9
Another side
Whoa The attachment like a
You
Once this done it is had become the platform
9 This too
It will be in the form of me in your own wood grain and in place as given
It will be fun to clean here, so it's fine
I think that I want to print more and more to clean the room if there is any trash
There is in this time in this area
It twice return
dj
nd item